Add support for map_top_n_keys_by_value (#21259)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/map.rst

        SELECT map_top_n_keys(map(ARRAY['a', 'b', 'c'], ARRAY[1, 2, 3]), 2, (x, y) -> IF(x < y, -1, IF(x = y, 0, 1))) --- ['c', 'b']

.. function:: map_top_n_keys_by_value(x(K,V), n) -> array(K)

>     Returns top ``n`` keys in the map ``x`` by sorting its values in descending order. If two or more keys have equal values then higher key will take precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns top ``n`` keys in the map ``x`` by sorting its values in descending order. If two or more keys have equal values, the higher key takes precedence.
```

>     ``n`` must be a non-negative integer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``n`` must be a non-negative integer.
```

>         SELECT map_top_n_keys_by_value(map(ARRAY['a', 'b', 'c'], ARRAY[2, 1, 3]), 2) --- ['c', 'a']

Reviewer 2: Very strange - I thought I had a comment here asking to name it better - MAP_KEYS_BY_TOP_N_VALUES

Author: Hmm...probably didn't got saved earlier. `MAP_KEYS_BY_TOP_N_VALUES ` doesn't feel like its gonna return N keys.
